README.md, before:

# STRV's Backend Academy 2022

STRV’s Backend team is the backbone of every project. It’s not only about developing the backend but about finding a solution to a problem and resolving it using the right tools. Our STRV Academy is meant for all backend engineers who want to either improve their backend skills or switch to the Node.js ecosystem from different tech stacks. Become a real problem solver!

## The Goal of the STRV Academy: Backend

Backend is the biggest ecosystem among all platforms. So many technologies, languages, databases, options for infrastructure and much more. All of the various technologies are great, but each has a different purpose (strong and weak points).

At STRV, we focus on delivering different types and sizes of mostly B2C projects to our startup-like US-based clients. For that purpose, Node.js is generally the most effective and popular tool. And it’s not just about the language/runtime; it’s also about the related ecosystem. TypeScript, NPM, Docker, Kubernetes, Postgres, MongoDB, Terraform, AWS CDK, REST, GraphQL, CI/CD, AWS/GCP and more. All of these things will be the main focus of our Academy.

This course will be full of live coding, real exercises and hands-on experience. Don’t be afraid of being burdened with a lot of theory — that’s not how we do things. Our goal is to provide you with the best practices we’ve learned over the years and on hundreds of projects, to make you a better backend engineer and a real problem solver!

Long story short: After this course, you should know enough to work at STRV (or any similar company that seeks strong engineers). :)

Commit message:

Update README with link to the materials

README.md, after:

# STRV's Backend Academy 2022

STRV’s Backend team is the backbone of every project. It’s not only about developing the backend but about finding a solution to a problem and resolving it using the right tools. Our STRV Academy is meant for all backend engineers who want to either improve their backend skills or switch to the Node.js ecosystem from different tech stacks. Become a real problem solver!

## The Goal of the STRV Academy: Backend

Backend is the biggest ecosystem among all platforms. So many technologies, languages, databases, options for infrastructure and much more. All of the various technologies are great, but each has a different purpose (strong and weak points).

At STRV, we focus on delivering different types and sizes of mostly B2C projects to our startup-like US-based clients. For that purpose, Node.js is generally the most effective and popular tool. And it’s not just about the language/runtime; it’s also about the related ecosystem. TypeScript, NPM, Docker, Kubernetes, Postgres, MongoDB, Terraform, AWS CDK, REST, GraphQL, CI/CD, AWS/GCP and more. All of these things will be the main focus of our Academy.

This course will be full of live coding, real exercises and hands-on experience. Don’t be afraid of being burdened with a lot of theory — that’s not how we do things. Our goal is to provide you with the best practices we’ve learned over the years and on hundreds of projects, to make you a better backend engineer and a real problem solver!

Long story short: After this course, you should know enough to work at STRV (or any similar company that seeks strong engineers). 😉

## [Materials](https://github.com/strvcom/backend-academy-2022/wiki)

Sounds good? Let's head out to [the materials for the course](https://github.com/strvcom/backend-academy-2022/wiki)!
